#1 Nephi
THE FIRST BOOK OF NEPHI
HIS REIGN AND MINISTRY
An account of Lehi and his wife Sariah and his four sons, being
called, (beginning at the eldest) Laman, Lemuel, Sam, and Nephi.
The Lord warns Lehi to depart out of the land of Jerusalem,
because he prophesieth unto the people concerning their iniquity
and they seek to destroy his life. He taketh three days' journey
into the wilderness with his family. Nephi taketh his brethren
and returneth to the land of Jerusalem after the record of the
Jews. The account of their sufferings. They take the daughters of
Ishmael to wife. They take their families and depart into the
wilderness. Their sufferings and afflictions in the wilderness.
The course of their travels. They come to the large waters.
Nephi's brethren rebel against him. He confoundeth them, and
buildeth a ship. They call the name of the place Bountiful. They
cross the large waters into the promised land, and so forth. This
is according to the account of Nephi; or in other words, I,
Nephi, wrote this record.

#Nephi 1
Chapter 1

#Nephi 1:1
 1 I, Nephi, having been born of goodly parents, therefore I was
taught somewhat in all the learning of my father; and having seen
many afflictions in the course of my days, nevertheless, having
been highly favored of the Lord in all my days; yea, having had a
great knowledge of the goodness and the mysteries of God,
therefore I make a record of my proceedings in my days.

#Nephi 1:2
 2 Yea, I make a record in the language of my father, which
consists of the learning of the Jews and the language of the
Egyptians.


#Moroni 10:29
 29 And God shall show unto you, that that which I have written
is true.

#Moroni 10:30
 30 And again I would exhort you that ye would come unto Christ,
and lay hold upon every good gift, and touch not the evil gift,
nor the unclean thing.

#Moroni 10:29
 29 And God shall show unto you, that that which I have written
is true.bbb
